1	Do you prefer social interaction or introspection?	Social interaction	Introspection		
2	Choose the two words that best describe you in social settings:	Reserved	Outgoing	Relaxed	Anxious
3	How do you feel about being the centre of attention in social situations?	Like	Dislike		
4	Do you get along well with others?	Yes	No		
5	Can you adapt to different social situations?	Yes	No		
6	Are you considerate of others?	Yes	No		
7	Are you willing to accommodate others in relationships?	Yes	No		
8	Which word better describes you in group settings?	Dominant	Submissive		
9	Are you comfortable initiating conversations and interactions?	Yes	No		
10	Which word better describes your communication style?	Assertive	Reserved		
11	Do you rely more on your senses or your intuition?	Senses	Intuition		
12	Are you responsive to the emotions and needs of other people?	Yes	No		
13	It it important for you to be included and involved in social activities and group settings?	Yes	No		
14	Are you comfortable with expressing affection and warmth towards others?	Yes	No		
15	Choose the two that you value most:	Accuracy	Attention to detail	Results	Big picture thinking
16	Choose the two that you value most:	Objective analysis	Impact on others	Fairness	Harmony
17	Choose the two that you value most:	Justice	Empathy	Harmony	Assertiveness
18	Choose the two that you value most:	Peace	Self expression	Avoiding conflict	Pursuing your goals
19	Do facts or emotions take higher priority when giving feedback to others?	Facts	Emotions		
20	Choose the two words that best describe how you approach work and life:	Stability	Flexibility	Consistency	Variety
21	Do you follow traditional beliefs?	Yes	No		
22	Do you handle emotions with ease?	Yes	No		
23	Do you handle stress with ease?	Yes	No		
24	When you work with others, do you prefer to take charge and lead or support and collaborate?	Take Charge and Lead	Support and Collaborate		
25	Do you prefer to work independently or with a team?	Independent	With a team		
26	Choose the two words that best describe your preferred work environment:	Fast-paced	Calm	Dynamic	Stable
27	Do you enjoy working with data, numbers, and detailed information in structured environments?	Yes	No		
28	Do you enjoy following step-by-step instructions and working with concrete information?	Yes	No		
29	 it important for you to have work-life balance and maintain a sense of well-being?	Yes	No		
30	Choose the two that best describe what you focus on:	My own needs	Needs of others	Security	Freedom
31	Choose the two that best describe what you focus on:	Structure	Adapting	Control	Going with the flow
32	Choose the two that best describe what drives you:	Recognition	Avoiding conflict	Achievement	Inner peace
33	Choose the two that best describe your motivation:	Uniqueness	Stability	Emotional depth	Belonging
34	Choose the two that best describe your motivation:	Power	Justice	Control	Truth
35	Choose the two that best describe your motivation:	Protection of self and others	Standing up for the underdog	Financial reward	Personal fulfillment
36	Choose the two that best describe your motivation:	Personal gains	Make a positive impact on society	Recognition	Satisfaction
37	Choose the two that best describe what you seek in life:	Knowledge	Independence	Connection	Close relationships
38	Choose the two that best describe your priorities:	Fun	Caution	Spontaneity	Responsible
39	Do you handle criticism and feedback from others well?	Yes	No		
40	Choose the two that best describes you:	Risk taker	Predictable	Impulsive	Careful
41	Choose the two that best describes you:	Task oriented	Relationship oriented	Humble	Confident
42	Choose the two that best describes you:	Modest	Self assured	Results focused	Interpersonal dynamics focused
43	Choose the two that best describes your mindset:	Optimistic	Skeptical	Hopeful	Worried
44	What skills or abilities do you believe set you apart from others?				
45	Choose the two that best describes your approach to challenges and problem solving:	Careful analysis and planning	Adapt and improvise	Established procedures	Creative solutions
46	Are you comfortable taking risks and making quick decisions?	Yes	No		
47	Are you able to easily adjust your communication style to meet the needs of others?	Yes	No		
48	Choose the two concepts that you prefer best:	Clear deadlines	Open ended possibilities	Decisive choices	Strategizing
49	Are you able to ability plan, organize, and complete tasks and responsibilities in a timely manner?	Yes	No		
50	What activities or tasks make you feel energized and engaged?				
51	What activities or tasks make you feel disengaged and drain your energy?				
52	Do you spend more time thinking of the past, present or future?	Past	Present	Future	
53	Which best describes your approach to decision making?	Logical/objective	Personal values		
54	Choose the two that best describes your preferences in daily life:	Routine	Variety	Stability	Adaptability
55	Choose the two that best describes your thinking style:	Analytical	Intuitive	Sequential	Holistic
56	Choose the two that best describes your thinking style:	Logical	Imaginative	Linear	Non-linear
57	Are you generally more relaxed or more tense?	Relaxed	Tense		
58	Choose the two words that best describe your approach to sharing personal information:	Private	Open	Reserved	Expressive
59	Choose the two words that best describe your approach to life:	Pragmatic	Visionary	Practical	Idealistic
60	Which word better describes how you express your opinions and ideas?	Assertive	Passive		
61	Do you find it challenging to trust others or feel suspicious of their motives?	Yes	No		
62	Do you tend to focus on gathering concrete facts and details before forming opinions?	Yes	No		
63	Do you have a passion for expressing yourself creatively through art, music, or other forms of artistic expression?	Yes	No		
64	Do you enjoy engaging in persuasive and influential communication to achieve your goals?	Yes	No		
65	Do you perceive and understand your own emotions? Are you aware of how your emotions influence your thoughts, behaviours, and decision-making processes?	Yes	No		
66	Can you accurately identify and interpret the emotions expressed by others through their facial expressions, tone of voice, and body language?	Yes	No		
67	Are you able to motivate yourself and stay resilient in the face of setbacks or obstacles?	Yes	No		
